a type of prosthesis particularly
important for the prosthesis center is
represented of functional prostheses
for these all levels of
amputation of the upper limb prosthesis
so-called to control my electric in
practice are controlled controlled by
a very weak electric current which
is detected by sensors from the
residual limb muscles
these signals are amplified
brought to the various parts of the prosthesis e
via a battery inserted
within the same are
operated for example with this system
a functional prosthesis can be obtained
up to shoulder level
therefore it is possible to have the movement
of the elbow in flexed extension of the
hand in opening mum's closing e
also wrist level in intra extra
rotation
these are important movements
especially for bilateral amputees
of upper limb for which this
type of prosthesis represents the
survival and without which not
could reach a complete
autonomy
have recently been introduced
so-called articulated poles ie hands
hands that reproduce almost
completes the movements of the natural limb
in particular of the hand
for this reason they are called anthropomorphic
represent the most advanced of
devices for this type of prosthesis
to explain it better with a hand of
this kind of thing you can do with
a hand of this kind and therefore with
a poly articulated or anthropomorphic hand
it is possible to achieve practically
all natural hand movements
therefore it is possible to grab an object
with all five fingers use a
just finger then be able to beat the keys
of a keyboard then use the
computer any other keyboard
use your thumb then move the
thumb to get a huge one
range of movements this type of
hands differs greatly from the
hands normally used up to approx
two years ago they have movement of
this genus is called digital 3 ie the e
all objects are grabbed
exclusively between the first wound and
therefore it is not possible to make one
very wide range of movements also
sons also resumed